DOC Changelog for tab keyboard navigation (#824)
silverstripe/developer-docs: en/08_Changelogs/6.2.0.md

A skip link has been added to the CMS to allow users to skip past the main navigation. This is primarily for users who use a screen reader or who navigate via the keyboard. The link is visually hidden until it receives focus by pressing the tab key.

#### Improved keyboard navigation for tabs

> The CMS now supports keyboard navigation between tabs using the left and right arrow keys for the primary navigation (e.g. top-right corner of the CMS) and within tab sets of edit forms. Previously, arrow keys worked inconsistently. When a user sets focus on a tab using the arrow keys, the relevant tab panel is automatically displayed, removing the need to press Enter or Space to activate the tab.

Reviewer: What is the "primary navigation"? I would have thought the left menu is "primary navigation"? If this just means tabs, we don't need to distinguish between tabs in one place vs tabs in another place. All tabs should be behaving the same way now.

```suggestion
The CMS now supports keyboard navigation between tabs using the left and right arrow keys (go to the previous or next tab) and the Home and End keys (go to the first and last tab). When a user sets focus on a tab using the keyboard, the relevant tab panel is automatically displayed, removing the need to press Enter or Space to activate the tab.

Previously, keyboard navigation for tabs was inconsistent. 
```

Author: Updated

A skip link has been added to the CMS to allow users to skip past the main navigation. This is primarily for users who use a screen reader or who navigate via the keyboard. The link is visually hidden until it receives focus by pressing the tab key.

#### Improved keyboard navigation for tabs

The CMS now supports keyboard navigation between tabs using the left and right arrow keys (go to the previous or next tab) and the Home and End keys (go to the first and last tab). When a user sets focus on a tab using the keyboard, the relevant tab panel is automatically displayed, removing the need to press Enter or Space to activate the tab.

> Previously, keyboard navigation for tabs was inconsistent. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, keyboard navigation for tabs was inconsistent.
```
Per linting failure

Author: Done
